[Docs] Add docs for notifications secret_params (#4176)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/concepts/notifications.md

> **Disclaimer:** Local notifications aren't persisted in mlrun API

## Notification Params and Secrets
The notification parameters often contain sensitive information, such as Slack webhooks Git tokens, etc.

> To safeguard this sensitive data, we've implemented a masking process for the notification's `secret_params`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure the safety of this sensitive data, the parameters are split into 2 objects - `params` and `secret_params`.
Either can be used to store any notification parameter. However the `secret_params` will be protected by project secrets.
```

> When a notification is created, its `secret_params` are automatically masked and stored in a kubernetes secret.
> The naming convention for the secret is `<run-uid>-<notification-id>` (or `<schedule-name>-<notification-id>`).
> This secret is created within the namespace where MLRun is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a notification is created, its `secret_params` are automatically masked and stored in a mlrun project secret.
The name of the secret is built from the hash of the params themselves (So if multiple notifications use the same secret, it won't waste space in the project secret).
```

    name="notification-1",
    message="completed",
    severity="info",

>     secret_params={"webhook": "<slack webhook url>"}

Reviewer: maybe change this example to a webhook notification so you can show off both kinds of params?

For pipelines, you configure the notifications on the project notifiers. For example:

```python
project.notifiers.add_notification(notification_type="slack",secret_params={"webhook":"<slack webhook url>"})
project.notifiers.add_notification(notification_type="git", params={"repo": "<repo>", "issue": "<issue>"}, secret_params={"token": "<token>"})
```
Instead of passing the webhook in the notification `secret_params`, it is also possible in a Jupyter notebook to use the ` %env` 
magic command:
```
%env SLACK_WEBHOOK=<slack webhook url>
```

Editing and removing notifications is done similarly with the following methods:
```python

> project.notifiers.edit_notification(notification_type="slack",secret_params={"webhook":"<new slack webhook url>"})

Reviewer: revert these (these are from the CustomNotificationPusher)
